gh-127146: Update test skips for Emscripten 4.0.2 (#129474)
python/cpython: Tools/wasm/README.md

To cross compile to the ``wasm32-emscripten`` platform you need
[the Emscripten compiler toolchain](https://emscripten.org/), 
a Python interpreter, and an installation of Node version 18 or newer.

> Emscripten version 4.0.2 or newer is recommended. All commands below are
> relative to a checkout of the Python repository.

Reviewer: Given what we know from the buildbot, it seems appropriate to be explicit about how we test Emscripten.
```suggestion
Emscripten version 4.0.2 is recommended; newer versions may also work, but all
official testing is performed with that version. All commands below are relative
to a checkout of the Python repository.
```
